QB Laptop
---------

> WARNING: This laptop script even though functional is not finished, many intended features have not been implemented.

### State of things

- [x] **Kali linux OS** minimal

- [x] **Terminal**
      Realistic looking linux terminal where you can execute common linux commands.
      You can write files, you can write scripts (javascript), real code and execute that code.
      This is for hackers, the idea was you'd have specific scripts that would do or hack or fabricate specific things and
      it would require at least some know-how, so if you don't know the code, then you can't be a hacker. That's extreme realism for you ! Haha but the coding is very simplified, it's not even close to real-life hacking scripts. :)

- [x] **AES Messaging**
      Anonymously encrypted messaging program where hackers can communicate safely from cops.

- [x] **Firefox browser**
      Browse the internet (fake simulated)

- [x] **Darknet site**
      Digital black market where hackers can put up classifieds to advertise their services or their products for others to buy.

- [ ] **DDoS device** - not implemented
      The idea was to allow hackers by real simulated coding (javascript) fabricate ddos devices that they could sell to people.
      This device when detonated would fry all alarms to the police in a defined (configurable) radios. 

- [ ] **Fake internet** - not implemented fully
      I had generated hundreds of fake realistic looking websites using AI and put them on my server.  
      The idea was that these fake websites could be accessed via **Firefox** browser and would be hackable at specific times due to vulnerabilities.  
      So hackers and even normal users could access these fake websites but hackers who have some know-how would run checks to find any vulnerabilities to exploit,  
      if they find any, then they could run the exploit by almost real coding or shell scripts (fairly easy compared to real deal) and the rewards would be fake user data generated by AI.  
      So, data is valuable, the idea was to have buyers that would buy data from you, so you would put that data on a usb stick and sell it (multiple times even if you're cunning).  
      Another thing is sometimes, you would find credit cards in that data, you can sell those too or use them yourself to buy a bunch of stuff online and resell.  
      -  
      **Conclusion:** As you can see this was an ambitious project, but to be honest technically speaking this is easy to implement and nothing impossible.

## Installation

#### 1. Create tables in your database

Execute the [`qb-laptop.sql`](qb-laptop.sql) file


#### 2. Add these 2 items to qb-core `items.lua`

This file is usually located at `qb-core/shared/items.lua`  

Add these 2 lines:

```lua
['shell_device']				 = {['name'] = 'shell_device',					['label'] = 'Appareil programmable',		['weight'] = 200, 		['type'] = 'item',		['image'] = 'shell_device.png',			['unique'] = false,		['useable'] = false,	['shouldClose'] = false, 	['combinable'] = nil, 	['description'] = 'Appareil vide que vous pouvez programmer vous meme pour vos besoins.'},
['ddos_device']					 = {['name'] = 'ddos_device',					['label'] = 'Appareil DDoS Police', 		['weight'] = 200,		['type'] = 'item', 		['image'] = 'shell_device.png',				['unique'] = true,		['useable'] = true, 	['shouldClose'] = false,	['combinable'] = nil, 	['description'] = 'Appareil DDoS permettant de retarder les les alertes police.'}
```

#### 3. Place this script folder in your `resources` folder

#### 4. Make sure that `qb-laptop` script is started

Add `ensure qb-laptop` line to resources.cfg if needed.

